# Cloud-Strategy-
Cloud Strategy 
Background of Kirloskar Electric Company
Products from Kirloskar Electric significantly helped India's economy throughout its fast expansion. At extremely affordable costs, Kirloskar Electric has been able to supply a wide variety of goods that have been specially engineered as well as meet or exceed international requirements. Power, steel, sugar, cement, agricultural, oil and gas, refineries, as well as nuclear enterprises are all served by Kirloskar Electric. Throughout India, it runs production facilities, marketing offices, as well as authorized providers of services. The enterprise sells its goods throughout South Africa, North America, Southeast Asia, as well as Europe. The city of Bangalore in Karnataka, India serves as the headquarters of Kirloskar Electric (Kumara et.al., 2022).
Current IT infrastructure
Kirloskar Electric Company are using cloud computing much more than typical IT managers acknowledge. According to an analysis conducted in 2014 that relied on actual utilization statistics, the average Kirloskar Electric Company currently employs 897 cloud-based services, which is increasing 43% from the year 2013, when both authorized and illegal utilization of cloud-based services are tallied. These consist of the sharing of files, exchange of content, social networking sites, collaboration, as well as development services, most of which are taken up independently by employees. 
 
(Source: Created by learner)
According to this report, the typical worker now utilizes 27 diverse cloud-based services in the workforce, consisting of: Four social networking platforms as well as three sharing of files services make up the six cooperation services. The typical business utilizes 139 collaboration programs as well as 45 sharing of files services. The marketplace for cloud-based services continues to develop as fresh entrants join the marketplace, old enterprises are purchased, as well as enterprises invest into developing new potential, as is seen from the range of offerings. However, one dominant player is still not established in any key area (Boukadi et.al., 2019).
